arcanization post fixes (#51)
gfx-rs/gfx-rs.github.io: _posts/2023-11-24-arcanization.md

---
layout: post

> title: Improved Multithreading in wgpu - Arcanization landed on wgpu's trunk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Improved Multithreading in wgpu - Arcanization Lands on Trunk
```

Converted to title case, and removed the period
